Google reviews:
https://www.google.com/search?q=bell+of+the+ball+reno&oq=bell+of+the+ball+reno&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQABjvBTIHCAIQABjvBTIHCAMQABjvBTIHCAQQABjvBTIGCAUQRRg8MgYIBhBFGD0yBggHEEUYPNIBCDcxNjlqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&source=chrome.ob&ie=UTF-8#mpd=~5209595529032440703/customers/reviews

PHOTOS ARE ATTACHED TO EACH USERS GOOGLE ACC BTW


N A
Local Guide • 16 reviews • 3 photos
2 weeks ago
Bell of the Ball did an amazing job with my daughter’s 8th birthday party! Everything was absolutely beautiful, from the décor to the cotton candy and snow cones. They truly brought our Harry Potter vision to life and helped make her day so special and memorable. I couldn’t have asked for a better experience. Highly recommend!

Jamii Love
5 reviews • 0 photos
7 weeks ago
Working with Bell of the Ball for a birthday party for my daughter was an absolute dream from start to finish! Her decorating skills are truly next level. She took our vision (My daughter wanted a spa day party) and transformed the entire space and made it look super cute for my daughter. Bell of the ball (Christa Bell) made the whole planning process totally stress free and smooth from start to finish! If you need someone to bring your events to life Christa is definitely the one to call.

Christin Smith
9 reviews • 8 photos
7 weeks ago
Very pleasant and professional to work with. The decorations and theme are a custom fit to each individual party. I would hire over and over and over again!


Helder Pereira III
2 reviews • 0 photos
8 weeks ago
Working with Christa on my wife and I’s wedding was absolutely fantastic! An amazing officiant, amazing decorator, and everything my wife and I could have ever asked for! Above and beyond! Would recommend 100 times over!


Michael Bettencourt
5 reviews • 2 photos
36 weeks ago
Highly professional and punctual! Capable of accommodating what feels like an endless variety of events! Very personable folks as well, would recommend their services to anyone!


TaTiana Marie
10 reviews • 0 photos
44 weeks ago
I love Bell of the Ball! Bell of the Ball is amazing! Christa is an incredible event planner who brings every vision to life with creativity, professionalism, and heart. She makes everything run smoothly and look effortless. If you want your event to feel special and unforgettable, she’s the one to call!

Charda Leshun Smithopen_in_new
3 reviews • 0 photos
44 weeks ago
Shared my vision and she ran with my theme and idea and exceeded my expectations!

Giordan Bagatta
Local Guide • 11 reviews • 1 photo
49 weeks ago
My husband and I just had our wedding and having Christa as our officiant was the cherry on top! From our meetup to getting everything sorted out and arranged like we wanted to hearing on our day everything we discussed and more! Very respectful and fun! Worth it 1000% to go with them for your party needs!

Jessica Wood
Local Guide • 134 reviews • 25 photos
Jul 16, 2025
Christa went above and beyond for my 20 year reunion!! She had all the colors I wanted and even brought a backdrop for our arch. I was blown away from the professionalism and communication. Also, she was VERY reasonable with pricing. I would highly recommend for any event.

Yelp reviews:
	
Robin A.
Elite 26
Reno, NV
Sep 10, 2024
Bell of the Ball hosted a Sip & Paint at a chicken wing restaurant in Reno. They supplied all the paint supplies and gave us a drink voucher for the restaurant. We all got to open a tape individually for food orders too.
We got to pick out our own canvases with stencil art. There were a lot of designs to choose from. Our tickets were prepunched before the event for $40. We had good music and good food and drinks. I got to connect with some new people and we had a great time.
Definitely would recommend a Bell of the Ball event. Not only does she plan events, she does wedding planning, notary, party supplies rentals, and balloon art for celebrations. One stop shop for all your party needs!

Keisha C.
Reno, NV
Nov 13, 2022
Love love love your services from book bags to custom shirts. Event planning is exceptional, hands down best in town. Family business also. Love love love this. Thank you for helping with my birthday.